# compBioFinal_meerkat

Zara, Charis, and Eric's final project for BIOL 4800.

Our objective is to run a simulation of a population of a Meerkat species that has four different phenotypes. A small body size with a light coat, normal body size with a light coat, small body size with a dark coat, and normal body size with a dark coat. These four phenotypes have varying degrees of fitness which is the ultimate way the final population number of each phenotype will be determined. We designed the code to randomly select the number of offspring for each individual within each phenotype within a given range. The range was determined by the fitness level of each phenotype: small-light having the highest fitness, followed by normal-light, followed by small-dark, and finally normal-dark being the least fit. With this type of code, the user has the ability to manipulate the fitness range, changing the fitness levels of the phenotypes to see how it would impact the final generation number of each phenotype. We have implemented a user input structure that allows the user to determine the starting population size, the number of individuals present in each different phenotype at the start of the simulation, and the number of generations to run. This design allows the user to input many different scenarios of the population. Our graph, which is dependent on the relative reproductive success of each phenotype, will show the user how each phenotype in the population fluctuates throughout the simulation. 
